you had something special prepared for
us I do I hope I do something that I
think is uh it really shows your
sensitivity yes and something that I
think is gonna go a long way towards
consoling certain people in a certain
part of the country that had
disappointment this Cleveland Cleveland
yeah shout out to Cleveland yeah uh I
know it's tough it's tough for me uh we
lost this time but hey you know what I
got some music to make you feel better
and that's the way it should why I think
[Applause]
you would be so fine for
Cleveland this is for you cheer up
Cleveland you know why Cleveland
you always have Cleveland even though
you lost the game you still got the Rock
and Roll Hall of Fame
and the mighty king james dammit you're
okay Cleveland
from the great Erie Lake
why is it so eerie to those pierogies
that you make that port from the home I
have it there
[Applause]
who doesn't want to make love to Halle
Berry
but the price of right you care does
anybody want to make love did you carry
of course they do because he some flavor
you some cream
[Music]
[Applause]
you love the game just
[Music]
keep
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die